feat: migration docs (#213)
waku-org/waku.guide: docs/migrations/js-waku/migration_v0.026_0.027.md

> # Migrating to Waku v0.027

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrating to Waku v0.0.27
```
```suggestion
# Migrating to Waku v0.027
```

> A migration guide for refactoring your application code from Waku v0.026 to v0.027.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A migration guide for refactoring your application code from Waku v0.0.26 to v0.0.27.
```

```

## Removed APIs

The following APIs have been removed:

- ApplicationInfo type: Use `string` for application and version in `NetworkConfig` instead.
- `shardInfo` option in `createLightNode`: Use `networkConfig` instead.
- `pubsubTopics` option in `createLightNode`: Use `networkConfig` with Static Sharding or Auto Sharding instead.

If you were using `ApplicationInfo` before, you should now use `ContentTopicInfo` (Auto Sharding) and specify your application and version in the content topic `string`.

**Before**
```typescript
import { createLightNode } from "@waku/sdk";

const waku = await createLightNode({
  shardInfo: {
    clusterId: 1,
    application: "my-app",
    version: "1"
  }
});
```

**After**
```typescript
import { createLightNode } from "@waku/sdk";

const waku = await createLightNode({
  networkConfig: {
    clusterId: 1,
    contentTopics: ["/my-app/1/default/proto"]
  }
});
```

## Type Changes

- `ShardingParams` has been removed. Use `NetworkConfig` instead.
- `NetworkConfig` is now defined as `StaticSharding` | `AutoSharding`.
- `StaticSharding` is equivalent to the previous `ShardInfo`.
- `AutoSharding` is equivalent to the previous `ContentTopicInfo`.

> ## Internal/Private Utility Function Changes

Reviewer: I am not sure we need to document them as they are internal and shouldn't be in the `utils` in the first place because we don't want anyone using them.
